Accenture

Application Developer

 Must have Skills : Platform Engineering
 Good to Have Skills :  Java Enterprise Edition
 
 
 JBoss, EJB
 
 
 JBoss EAP application server and 
 Tomcat installation, configuration and administration Experience with Apache Webserver 22/23/24 
 Strong Experience in JBoss EAP 7/6x/5x/4x and Tomcat 8x/6x/4x Application Servers Administration 
 Strong Experience in Apache webserver/JBoss EWS and mod jk configuration Involved in Various Administration tasks like Installation Configuration Deployment Monitoring Performance tuning Troubleshooting Maintenance
 
 
 
 WildFly is a new name of JBoss application server starting from version 8. 
 
 directory strucutre
 modules
 bundles
 domain
 standalone
 appclient
 bin
 docs
 welcome-content
 
 Jboss EAP:
 Wildfly core 10.1.2
 Undertow - web server
 JGroups, Infinispan - helps in clustering in jboss
 Iron Jacamar - EJB level clustering
 Narayana(Trxn) - helps to do transactions
 Active MQ Artemis - messaging inside jboss
 JBoss Logging 
 HAL (admin console) - web console
 jboss security
 Picket Box (valut)
 Netty - http based protocol connector
 
Standalone mode
Domain mode
 
Standalone mode
 one instance of jboss
 
Domain mode
  one jboss server can manage another jboss servers
  

Opensource and freeware
faster footprint
no license only subscription

 Logging levels - 
FATAL
ERROR
WARN
INFO
DEBUG

JBoss clustering is on top of JGroups toolkit which helps to create, delete, membership detection, notification, etc. in the cluster.
  
unzip jboss-as-7.1.1.Final.zip

http://server1:9990/admin-console

how to access admin console:
The user must be created under “ManagementRealm” to have console operational. To create the user, you can go to bin folder and execute add-user.sh script.

start jboss in standalone mode:
Go to the bin folder where JBoss is installed and start with the following command.
./standalone.sh

How to increase Java Heap Memory in JBoss 7?
Heap Memory can be increased in a respective conf file. To increase memory for standalone;
Go to the bin folder
Edit the standalone.conf file and look for “JAVA_OPTS=” argument line
The default configuration will have a minimum of 64 MB and a maximum of 512 MB. You can increase to the desired value.
Xms – specify the minimum heap size 
Xmx – specify the maximum heap size
In a similar way, you can adjust the memory for a domain in domain.conf file


What is the difference between standalone and domain mode?
Standalone mode is single JVM process where every JBoss server has its configuration. If you just need one JVM or development environment, then standalone would be perfect.
Domain mode may have multiple servers where all configuration is managed centralized and often used in production environment.

Can you create a cluster in standalone mode?
Yes, clustering is possible in standalone mode. However, an application must be deployed on each server/JVM in standalone mode.

What is difference between <validate-on-match> and <background-validation>?
<validate-on-match> validate the database connection every time, and if a connection is not valid, it will write a warning in the logs.
Having “validate-on-match” configured may have a little high load on the database as it may create lots of requests.
<background-validation> validate the connection periodically based on what frequency is configured for “background-validation-millis”. The default configuration is set to zero means disabled.
Having “ background-validation” set to true will create fewer database connections and it’s side-effects would be not detecting immediately if dead connections.

How can you deploy an application?
Admin Console – you can deploy the necessary application files through the administration console.
Auto-deploy – leverage file system deployment scanner to auto-deploy files from the deployments folder.
Automation – use automation tool/ant/scripting to deploy an application.

 What are the important types available for marker file deployment?
.dodeploy – instruct to deploy
.deployed – indicate the file is deployed
.pending – deployment is still pending
.undeployed – confirmation that application is undeployed
.failed – deployment is failed for some reason
.skipdeploy – instruct JBoss to ignore the files for auto-deployment

What marker file type is required to instruct JBoss to deploy?
.dodeploy file suffix is needed for JBoss to deploy or redeploy an application.
e.g myfirstapplication.war.dpdeploy

What are the file types you can deploy in JBoss?
You can deploy almost any kind of Java/J2EE application, and it supports the following file format.
WAR – Web application archive
SAR – Service archive
JAR – Java Archive
EAR – Enterprise application archive


What does mgmt-user.properties contain?
All admin console users and passwords (encrypted) are stored in mgmt.-user.properties file file.
The mgmt-users.properties files are located in the standalone or domain configuration folder.
/domain/configuration/mgmt-users.properties.
/standalone/configuration/mgmt-users.properties.

What module needed to integrate Apache with JBoss?
There are two modules you can use to connect JBoss with Apache.
mod_proxy
mod_jk

Ref:
https://geekflare.com/jboss-interview-questions-answers/
https://blog.dbi-services.com/jboss-eap-7-cluster-in-standalone-mode/
https://docs.jboss.org/author/display/AS7/Application%20deployment.html